feat: configure light SDK with openapitools.json and options (#1367)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: packages/@ama-sdk/schematics/README.md

yarn schematics @ama-sdk/schematics:typescript-core --spec-path ./swagger-spec.yaml --global-property allowModelExtension
```

#### Generator Configuration

##### Parameters

It is possible to configure the SDK code generation by passing parameters to the generator command line to override the default configuration values.
The available parameters are:

> * `--specPath`: Path to the swagger specification used to generate the SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--spec-path`: Path to the swagger specification used to generate the SDK
```

> * `--specConfigPath`: Path to the spec generation configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--spec-config-path`: Path to the spec generation configuration
```

* `--globalProperty`: Comma separated string of options to give to the openapi-generator-cli

> * `--generatorName`: Name of the generator to run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--generator-name`: Name of the generator to run
```

> * `--outputPath`: Output path for the generated SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--output-path`: Output path for the generated SDK
```

* `--generatorCustomPath`: Path to a custom generator

#### openapitools.json

There is also a possibility to configure the SDK code generation in `openapitools.json`. The structure for this file looks something like this:

> ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json3
```
to allow comment in json

    "version": "0.0.0",
    "storageDir": ".openapi-generator",
    "generators": { 
      "example-sdk": {
        "generatorName": "typescriptFetch",
        "output": ".",
        "inputSpec": "./swagger-spec.yaml",
        "globalProperty": {
          "stringifyDate": true,
          "allowModelExtension": true
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

We have created the possibility of specifying the generator key in the generator command and overriding specific properties if wanted. For example,
if we want to use the properties of `example-sdk` from `openapitools.json` but override the global properties we can do so like this:

```shell
yarn schematics @ama-sdk/schematics:typescript-core --generator-key example-sdk --global-property stringifyDate=false
```

> [!CAUTION]
> If the parameter `--generator-key` is provided in combination with other parameters to be overridden, the limitation is that
> not all properties from `openapitools.json` will be taken into account (contrary to the case when there is only the `--generator-key` parameter). 
> As of now, the only properties that will be taken into account are `generatorName`, `output`, `inputSpec`, `config`, `globalProperty` 

> > which can be overriden with the parameters `--generatorName`, `--outputPath`, `--specPath`, `--specConfigPath`, and `--globalProperty`.

Reviewer: Maybe we can specify that it will be a merge for `globalProperty`

> > which can be overriden with the parameters `--generatorName`, `--outputPath`, `--specPath`, `--specConfigPath`, and `--globalProperty`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> which can be overriden with the parameters `--generator-name`, `--output-path`, `--spec-path`, `--spec-config-path`, and `--global-property`.
```

> 

> > **Note:** the parameter `--generatorCustomPath` is not impacted and will always be taken into account if provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** the parameter `--generator-custom-path` is not impacted and will always be taken into account if provided.
```

      }
    }
  }
}
```

`example-sdk` corresponds to the key of the generator which can be referenced in the generator command as a parameter, for example:

```shell
yarn schematics @ama-sdk/schematics:typescript-core --generator-key example-sdk
```

The properties `generatorName`, `output`, and `inputSpec` are required and additional properties can be added (available properties described in the schema 
[here](https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator-cli/blob/master/apps/generator-cli/src/config.schema.json)). For example, we can add the previously 
described global properties `stringifyDate` and  `allowModelExtension`:

```json
{
  "$schema": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator-cli/master/apps/generator-cli/src/config.schema.json",
  "generator-cli": {
    "version": "0.0.0",
    "storageDir": ".openapi-generator",
    "generators": { 
      "example-sdk": {
        "generatorName": "typescriptFetch",
        "output": ".",
        "inputSpec": "./swagger-spec.yaml",
        "globalProperty": {
          "stringifyDate": true,
          "allowModelExtension": true
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> We have created the possibility of specifying the generator key in the generator command and overriding specific properties if wanted. For example,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have added the possibility in the generator command to both specify the generator key and override specific properties of said key. For example,
```

        "generatorName": "typescriptFetch",
        "output": ".",
        "inputSpec": "./swagger-spec.yaml",
        "globalProperty": {
          "stringifyDate": true,
          "allowModelExtension": true
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

We have added the possibility in the generator command to both specify the generator key and override specific properties of said key.
For example, if we want to use the properties of `example-sdk` from `openapitools.json` but override the global properties we can do so like this:

```shell
yarn schematics @ama-sdk/schematics:typescript-core --generator-key example-sdk --global-property stringifyDate=false
```

> [!CAUTION]
> If the parameter `--generator-key` is provided in combination with other parameters to be overridden, the limitation is that not all
> properties from `openapitools.json` will be taken into account (contrary to the case when there is only the `--generator-key` parameter). 
> As of now, the only properties that will be taken into account are `output`, `inputSpec`, `config`, `globalProperty` which can be
> overridden with the parameters `--output-path`, `--spec-path`, `--spec-config-path`, and `--global-property`.

> > 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```

Should be removed to have a correct display

> [!NOTE]
> The parameter `--generator-custom-path` is not impacted and will always be taken into account if provided.

> > 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```
